creating script for ene_017 (#212)
resource-watch/data-pre-processing: ene_017_rw1_energy_facility_emissions/README.md

This file describes the data pre-processing that was done to [Energy Facility Emissions (US)](https://ghgdata.epa.gov/ghgp/main.do#) for [display on Resource Watch](https://bit.ly/3kNAD3i).

The source provided this dataset as an xls file accessed through its [website](https://ghgdata.epa.gov/ghgp/main.do#). To access the file select the "Export Data" option and then select "All Reporting Years". 

Below, we describe the main actions performed to process the xls file:

> 1. Convert the years in the 'Year' column to datetime objects and store them in a new column 'datetime'.

Reviewer: Is there an advantage to using datetimes for years instead of just having them as integers? I typically think it makes the date harder to format in the widget editor (because really you would only want to show the year and not the rest of the date) and maybe be confusing for someone if they thought the data was only associated with a particular day instead of the whole year.

2. Rename column headers to remove special characters and spaces so that the table can be uploaded to Carto without losing information.

Please see the [Python script](https://github.com/resource-watch/data-pre-processing/blob/master/ene_017_rw1_energy_facility_emissions/ene_017_rw1_energy_facility_emissions_processing.py) for more details on this processing.

> You can view the processed dataset for [display on Resource Watch](https://bit.ly/3kNAD3i).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view the processed Energy Facility Emissions (U.S.) dataset for [on Resource Watch](https://bit.ly/3kNAD3i).
```

You can also download the original dataset [directly through Resource Watch](https://wri-public-data.s3.amazonaws.com/resourcewatch/ene_017_rw1_energy_facility_emissions.zip), or [from the source website](https://ghgdata.epa.gov/ghgp/main.do#).

> ###### Note: This dataset processing was done by [Eduardo Castillero Reyes](https://wrimexico.org/profile/eduardo-castillero-reyes), and QC'd by [Yujing Wu](https://www.wri.org/profile/yujing-wu).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### Note: This dataset processing was done by [Eduardo Castillero Reyes](https://wrimexico.org/profile/eduardo-castillero-reyes), and QC'd by [Amelia Snyder](https://www.wri.org/profile/amelia-snyder).
```
